COMMANDS                                                                MEMORIZE

NAME
    memorize - memorize a set of terms

INVOCATION
    memorize [OPTION ...] FILE

DESCRIPTION
    Uses the specified flashcards FILE to test whether the user correctly
	remembers each term in FILE.
	
	The specified FILE must be a three-column TSV file (see fmt:tab), with each
	row representing a separate term/flashcard. The first field in a row
	represents the front-facing side of the flashcard, the second column
	represents the reverse side of a flashcard, and the third (optional) field
	represents an important piece of information that is associated with the
	term but doesn't need to be memorized.

	By default, the specified FILE is read through line by line, and the user
	is prompted with the value of the front-facing side of the flashcard. The
	user must respond with the value of the reverse of the flashcard. If the
	user responds correctly, the user is commended with a simple "Correct!"
	statement. If the user responds incorrectly, the correct response is shown.
	If the flashcard has a virtual "third side", its value is displayed after
	either the "Correct!" statement or the reverse of the flashcard.

	This loop continues until the end of the file is reached.

OPTIONS
    -b          Query user with the reverse of the flashcard, and expect its
                front-facing side as the answer.

    -l          Use FILE as a Leitner learning box. If this option is specified,
                FILE must be a folder containing a valid terms.tab file. Groups
				in the Leitner box will be named N.tab where N is a positive
				integer. This option cannot be used with the -o, -r, or -w
				options.

    -o          Overwrite FILE with wrongly answered terms, instead of writing
                them to another file. Unlike the -w option, wrongly answered
                terms will be written to the file after all terms have been
                queried. This option cannot be used with the -l or -o options.

    -r          Randomize the order in which terms are queried. Cannot be used
	            with the -l option.

    -w WFILE    Write wrongly answered terms to WFILE. This option cannot be
                used with the -l or -o options.
